I
this is the voice of bombs turf receipts
bringing you WWE TLC predictions for Big
E Langston vs damien sandow for the WWE
Intercontinental Championship this was
announced on Raw December second after
dimi and sand oi defeated Dolph Ziggler
in a number one contender's match to
earn the title opportunity Big E
Langston has been the champion for
almost a month sandoz first chance at
the IC belt will be on this event
much begins so enjoy
this is a grueling Championship match
and just toss it into the ground I can't
believe everything that's transpired
thus far it's been so physical the knee
connects langston squeezing thoughts of
someday
you
Danny and his fortune here
with the championship at stake you know
these supers to have to win here tonight
Big E Langston wins the reason why he'll
win is because he is undefeated vs San
doy su biggie for the win
if you enjoyed this video don't forget
to comment like and subscribe thanks for
watching